[IMP] General: Enforce 2fa (#16073)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/users/2fa.rst

Click the :guilabel:`Account Security` tab, then slide the :guilabel:`Two-Factor Authentication`
toggle to *active*.

.. image:: 2fa/account-security.png
   :alt: The account secuirty tab in a user profile.

This generates a :guilabel:`Security Control` pop-up window that requires password confirmation to
continue. Enter the appropriate password, then click :guilabel:`Confirm Password`. Next, a
:guilabel:`Two-Factor Authentication Activation` pop-up window appears, with a |QR|.

.. figure:: 2fa/qr-code.png
   :alt: The 2fa authentication QR code in Odoo.

   Using the desired authenticator application, scan the |QR| when prompted.

.. tip::
   If scanning the screen is not possible (e.g. the setup is being completed on the *same* device as

>    the authenticator application), clicking the provided :guilabel:`Cannot scan it?` link, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If scanning the screen is not possible (e.g., the setup is being completed on the *same* device as
the authenticator application), click the provided :guilabel:`Cannot scan it?` link, or
```

>    copying the secret to set up the authenticator manually, is an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   copy the secret to set up the authenticator manually.
```
Not sure what secret is referring to in this paragraph. Is it the QR code? Just want to check that 'secret' isn't a typo.
